today we're going to be installing the
bathroom in my Lego a custom crater
house and a lot of you can ask me how do
I build a toilet well first things first
I got to fit what I'm going to put the
toilet out alright I think I want to put
the toilet here this little nook here
maybe going this way so one of the
things first that we are going to start
with the toilet is we need a tile
underneath it so what we're going to do
is we're going to start placing some
tiles some white tiling that look good
in this whole area here and I'm gonna
leave just a spot here a 1 by 2 spot
open for this part where the toilet will
be installed so you see how I'm putting
tiles in there so zoom in here let's get
started
okay we have to stall tiled here so now
we're going to share to build a toilet
first thing you're going to need one my
two blank plate
a plunger a little bucket some blank
sign and it looks like a life preserved
one days when I start with first we're
going to take the plate and stick the
plunger on here like so and your Mesa
going to take the little bucket put it
through the little plunger through here
stick it down like so see you got it
look sound like that now you take the
little life preserver with this part
you're going down
the peg going down you stick it on this
right here like so this is you're going
to have to fight this a little bit to
get this on here make sure all this
light here lines up and then there you
got your toilet bowl
this sign we're going to clip on here
like this we'll be using it as a seat
allow you've been asking without toilets
there you go this idea came from the
Lego Jail set it showing you guys how to
put that together so we're going to set
the toilet running this little spot here
press it down and there you have it I
put it in the bathroom now build the
kitchen cabinets are the bathroom
cabinets whoops
or about the same but I'm going to use a
chest of drawers and I covered
in this part if you watch the kitchen
video is the same but I'll still walk
through it anyways so then take this 2
by 12 plate put my cabinets on here like
so it kind of looks like that now I'm
going to put a faucet I like to put my
faucets over the cabinet and everybody
knows that you just take them these with
a single peg on the top you stick the
faucet in there like we did with the
kitchen now let's start tiling around
the sink but since we can't do a
traditional sink I just tile over this
just you know I'd seen people use the
bowls that looks good I'm not a big fan
of those so I won't use that here let's
start tiling on the cabinet that's
really a bad piece of tile some of these
are like different shades of white and I
know how that happen so it kind of looks
like that
stick some of these big large tiles here
and there you have it a nice kitchen
counter and I'm going to put that now I
wish I could put it there but I can't
because of the door I'm going to put it
right here now you don't have to
necessarily put it here you can put
about here
I'm also be planning for about so we're
just going to stick this here okay now
the bathtub that's pretty
straightforward what I'm going to do I'm
just going to take some one might eight
blocks kind of frame it around the tub
here
so it kind of looks like that I'm going
to take a 1 by 2 block ticket like so
I'm going to take one these two by twos
and stick it here now all we have to do
basically the same thing like we did
with the sink you're going to sit in
we're going to start tiling beside the
tub
trying to find some nice-looking tiles
I'm tell you some you never cannot have
enough white tiles or any tiles for that
matter make sure that match the white
there we go
and it kind of looks like that and then
now we're going to come in around the
perimeter of the tub and put tiles
around here so one thing I'm going to
start with first is I'm just going to
take one of these 1 by 4 smooth stick it
in like so and basically I'm just going
to repeat this process around my tub
take a 1 by 6 smooth put it there one on
this side take another 1 by 4 and cap
this off at the end and now basically
you can stick your faucet in here like
the one we made for the sink and there
you have it okay there's my bathroom
it's completely finished looks pretty
good looks like a real bathroom
someday I'm actually going to try to
find a white bowl here instead of that
blue one looks like a nice bathroom
and here's the rest of the house what it
looks like is you may see it still
pretty much mess this is bedroom this is
a balcony here's the master bedroom
here's the bedroom right up here in the
front of the house you notice those
arched windows I'm going to be doing
tutorials on windows and doors on
different styles you can do and then
it'd be kind of cool if anybody wants to
see that so yeah that's basically it
looks like the next tutorial will
actually be building a roof for this
house so I'm going to finish up the
walls finish up all the smooth tiling on
the top I don't know if I have enough
whites for that but you never know it
Legos so
rate or just add follow subscribe
whatever YouTube has on their common if
you want I hope this tutorial helps out
thanks for watching